Explain all the Core values and Principles of Agile Manifesto.
  Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
  Working software over comprehensive documentation
  Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
  Responding to change over following a plan
  Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.
  Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Agile processes harness change for the customer's competitive advantage.
  Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter timescale.
  Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.
  Build projects around motivated individuals. Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done.
  The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation.
  Working software is the primary measure of progress.
  Agile processes promote sustainable development. The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.
  Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility.
  Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential.
  The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams.
  At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly.

What is Agile Methodology? Why do we need Agile methodology?
  agile is a mind-set, a philosophy, more like a way of thinking, team thinking, and a value creation while developing a product
  to overcome the drawbacks of waterfall model we use agile meth..
  TOO time consuming.one stage after the other.
  suitable for models that have a stable requirements
  working software is delivered inly ag=fter the completion of the entire project
  very difficult to got =back to the previos stage and make chnages
  
Agile Model Vs Waterfall Model.

What is extreme programming(XP), Explain its good Practices.
  Extreme Programming (XP) is an agile software development framework that aims to produce higher quality software, 
  and higher quality of life for the development team. XP is the most specific of the agile frameworks regarding appropriate 
  engineering practices for software development.
  The Planning Game
  Small Releases
  Metaphor
  Simple Design
  Testing
  Refactoring
  Pair Programming
  Collective Ownership
  Continuous Integration
  40-hour week
  On-site Customer
  Coding Standard
 
